[Music]
deep beneath the world's greatest ocean
lives a spun unlike any other
for years he enjoyed a carefree life but
all that was about to change well good
luck with that you be back here with my
crown in exactly 10 days did you do it
annoying paddywagon sesame-seed finish
steel-belted pickles in under the hood
yeah Wow okay we will begin our journey
to become the hero he was born
who were senators no Patrick they're
laughing next to us
ready for a big adventure trouble things
have gotten a lot worse since you left I
can't stand everyone we know into slaves
even Carrie and big surprises when
sponge meets world
who are you I'm David Hasselhoff for the
very first time the spongebob
squarepants movie